In this lesson, I'm going to discuss how
to install python on Macintosh.
So the first thing we're gonna do, is
go to the python webpage which is
www.python.org.
We're going to select Download, and we're
going to scroll down
and look for the macintosh version, the OS
TN 64 bit.
Then we begin the download process.
That'll take just a moment.
The next step now, is to install the
package.
There it is right there.
Double-click and just follow through with
the defaults on the installer.
Your system will ask you for a password.
Type that in.
Now, we wait while it installs.
Click close here.
Close these windows.
Have a terminal window open, and what
we're going to do is write a test program.
I'm going to use VI and type
pillowworld.py.
We're going to do a simple hello world
program right here we're going to type
print, hello world, save the file so
that's a W Q Cmd
and then type Python helloworld.py,
shows Hello World, and so we can see that
Python is installed correctly.
And we're finished with the installation
and we're
ready to move on to the next lesson.